## Femhoot web

Femhoot is a Kahoot-alike game about women and their history within the tech world.
The website consists in the following:

1.- A Quizz: answer random questions about women in tech or facts and get 10 points per correct answer. The user can check the total score.
2.- Randomly know fun facts and images about women in tech (generated by a button).

## Built with

HTML
JavaScript
React
Tailwind

## Starting

What do you need to install the software?

You need to have installed Node JS

1.- Download this repository in zip or clone the repository on your device.
2.- Open a terminal in the root folder of your repository.
3.- Install React

-g create-react-app

4.- Install the local dependencies by running the command in the terminal:

npm install

## Starting the project

Once you have done the previous step, start the project every time you program. To do this, run the command:

npm start

Then you can see that:

A window will open in your pre-finished browser, which will display your website.
The files you will be working on are inside the src/ folder.

## Thanks

Thanks to the amazing team and FemHack for this opportunity.

# Femhoot Web

Femhoot is a Kahoot-alike game about women and their history within the tech world.
The website consists in the following:

1.- A Quizz: answer random questions about women in tech or facts and get 10 points per correct answer. The user can check the total score.
2.- Randomly know fun facts and images about women in tech (generated by a button).

## Starting 🚀

These instructions will allow you to get a working copy of the project on your local machine for development and testing purposes.

### Prerequisites 📋

What do you need to install the software?

```
You need to have installed Node JS
```

### Installation 🔧

1. Download this repository in zip or clone the repository on your device (if you clone the repository, note that you will not be able to add your commits).
2. Open a terminal in the root folder of your repository.
3. Install the local dependencies by running the command in the terminal:

```
npm install
```

or

```
yarn install
```

### Starting the project ⚙️

Once you have done the previous step, **start the project every time you program**. To do this, run the command:

```
npm start
```

or

```
yarn start
```

Then you can see that:

- A window will open in your pre-finished browser, which will display your website.
- The files you will be working on are inside the `src/` folder.

### Publish the project on Netlify Pages 📚

[Netlify](https://www.netlify.com/) is used as a Continuous Integration and Continuous Deployment (CI/CD) tool.
The deployment of the Main branch is triggered when it is modified.

## Built with 🛠️

- HTML
- CSS (Tailwind)
- JavaScript
- React

## Authors ✒️

- **Cristina Outeda** [Github](https://github.com/crisouteda)
- **Agustina Ohan Lesendre** [Github](https://github.com/Agustinaoh)
- **Mariví Escudero** [Github](https://github.com/MariviEscudero)
- **Carolina Acosta** [Github](https://github.com/carobatata)

## Thanks 🎁

Thanks to the amazing team and the FemHack for this opportunity.
